**Breaking:** Add columns param to CardColumns (#949)
contiamo/operational-ui: src/CardColumns/README.md

</Card>
```

> ### With columns param

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### With an exact number of columns
```

```jsx
<Card title="Bundle information">
  <p>Here is the information available about this bundle.</p>
  <CardColumns columns={3}>
    <CardColumn title="Contributors">
      <AvatarGroup>
        <Avatar name="Alice Bernoulli" />
        <Avatar name="Clarence Dermot" />
      </AvatarGroup>
    </CardColumn>
    <CardColumn title="Tags">
      <Chip>agent-view</Chip>
      <Chip>production</Chip>
    </CardColumn>
  </CardColumns>
</Card>
```

> If there is not enough space to place required number of columns, columns will wrap

Author: @TejasQ do you like wording here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Columns will always wrap and overflow if their containing element is not wide enough for them.
```
